OFM Tech NSFW -- installation

This guide assumes you have never used ComfyUI. Words like "checkpoint" are
explained the first time they appear. If you have done this before, the short
version is: two key files, one command, wait, add your LoRAs, render.


WHAT YOU ARE INSTALLING (one minute of background)

ComfyUI is the app that makes the images. Your rented pod already has it.
A "workflow" is a recipe file that tells ComfyUI what to do; this pack ships
one, called OFMTech_NSFW. The recipe needs "models" -- large files that hold
the actual AI -- and small helper add-ons called "custom nodes". You install
none of this by hand: one setup command downloads every model, installs every
add-on at the exact tested version, and puts the workflow in your list.

One model is special. The base "checkpoint" (the model that paints the whole
image before the detail passes) is LUSTIFY! GGWP (V7) from civitai.com. Its
licence lets you SELL THE IMAGES you make with it, but it does not let us ship
you the model file itself. So the installer downloads it directly from
Civitai using your own free Civitai account. That is why there are two keys
in step 1 instead of one. The installer checks the file it gets, byte for
byte, against the exact version this workflow was built on.


0. WHAT YOUR POD NEEDS

DISK: provision at least 250 GB.
The models come to about 180 GiB, which is ~194 GB in the units pod providers
usually quote. Those are two different numbers for the same thing, and
confusing them is how an install runs out of space at 95%.

GPU MEMORY (VRAM): this workflow peaked at 40.3 GB of VRAM on a measured
end-to-end render at the shipped 896x1152 base resolution, and produced a
2688x3456 image in about four minutes. That was measured on a 95 GB card,
which is more than the workflow needs - ComfyUI uses the memory that is
there. Starting ComfyUI with

    --fast dynamic_vram --reserve-vram N

brought the peak down to 32.6 GB with no change to the workflow, at about 6%
more time. Note it did NOT leave the image identical, so treat it as a
setting to test rather than a free win.

No 24 GB card has been tested. We do not know whether a 4090 runs this, and
we are not going to claim either way until someone measures it. If 24 GB is
what you have, try it - and if it runs out of memory, lower the base
resolution (Width/Height inside the "1. Canvas & Routing" subgraph) and
expect to lose output size with it.


1. PUT YOUR TWO KEYS IN PLACE  (once per pod, ~3 minutes)

The installer reads both from files, so you do this once and never type them
again. Open the pod's terminal (in Jupyter: File -> New -> Terminal) and:

  a) Your HuggingFace token -- this is what unlocks the AIOFM model library
     that comes with your purchase. Run:

         echo "hf_your_token_here" > /workspace/.hf_token

     (paste your real token between the quotes). If you do not have one yet:
     huggingface.co -> create a free account -> Settings -> Access Tokens ->
     Create new token (Read) -> copy it. The token must belong to the account
     your purchase gave repository access to -- if the install later says it
     "could not download", that is the thing to check with support.

  b) Your Civitai API key -- this is what lets YOUR pod download the base
     checkpoint under your own account (see the background section above):

         echo "paste-your-civitai-key-here" > /workspace/.civitai_token

     To get the key: civitai.com -> create a free account (or log in) ->
     click your profile picture (top right) -> Account settings -> scroll to
     "API Keys" -> "Add API key" -> name it anything -> Save -> copy it.

If you skip (b), nothing breaks: the install stops in its first minute with
the same instructions you just read, and you re-run it after making the key.


2. RUN THE ONE-LINE INSTALL

Paste the install command from your welcome message into the pod terminal.
It looks like this:

    bash <(wget -qO- https://gist.githubusercontent.com/msit270/.../aiofm_setupnsfw.sh)

That single command downloads this pack, unpacks it, and runs the real
installer from inside it, so the custom nodes and the workflow land where
ComfyUI looks for them. It is the supported path. Use it even if you have
installed things into ComfyUI by hand before.

(Only if you were told to install manually: unpack the pack somewhere real,
then run the script FROM INSIDE the unpacked folder --
"cd /workspace/AIOFMTech-NSFW && bash aiofm_setup.sh". Do not pipe
aiofm_setup.sh itself as a one-liner from a URL: run that way it cannot see
the files shipped beside it, so you would get models but NO custom nodes and
NO workflow, and nothing tells you until the graph opens full of red boxes.
The bootstrap one-liner above exists precisely to prevent that.)

What you will see, in order: a few environment checks; a "Base checkpoint
preflight" that proves your Civitai key works BEFORE any big download starts;
the model downloads (this is the long part -- how long depends entirely on
your pod's connection; the checkpoint from Civitai is normally the slowest
single file); the six custom node packs; the workflow install; an integrity
check; and ComfyUI restarting by itself so the new nodes load.

If anything goes wrong, the install STOPS and prints what is wrong and what
to do about it -- a missing key, a rejected key, not enough disk, a file that
failed its check. Fix the named thing and run the same command again: it
resumes where it stopped, re-downloads nothing it already has, and skips
whatever is already correct.

When it finishes it prints a summary. The two lines that matter:

    workflow nodes : all 54 present
    integrity      : OK

The nodes line has a second healthy form. If ComfyUI was not running while
the script worked (normal on a brand-new pod), the script cannot count
registered nodes yet, and the line reads:

    workflow nodes : all packs present — verified on first start

That is also a pass — the count happens when ComfyUI starts. Anything OTHER
than these — a number missing, "X missing", integrity not OK — means stop
and read the warnings above it. (The 54 is for this workflow version; the
script derives it from the workflow file itself, so it is the number your
install was actually checked against.)


3. ADD YOUR OWN LoRAs

A LoRA is a small add-on model that teaches the big models your specific
character. Put yours in:  /workspace/ComfyUI/models/loras
(you can drag-and-drop into that folder through the Jupyter file browser).

The workflow has two LoRA slots at the top level and they are NOT
interchangeable -- they feed two different model families:

  "Your SDXL LoRa"  -> the base checkpoint (SDXLNSFW.safetensors)
                       Drives the base image, the hands pass and both
                       upscales. This slot needs an SDXL LoRA.

  "Your ZIT LoRa"   -> zimage.safetensors  (Z-Image)
                       Drives the face detail, mouth detail and eye passes.
                       This slot needs a Z-Image LoRA.

Putting an SDXL LoRA in the Z-Image slot, or the reverse, will not error
loudly. It will just fail to apply your character.

Both slots ship set to "None", so the workflow renders a generic person until
you fill them in.


4. OPEN THE WORKFLOW AND RENDER

The installer restarts ComfyUI itself when it can (it says so in the
summary). Then hard-reload the ComfyUI browser tab (Ctrl-Shift-R, or
Cmd-Shift-R on a Mac) -- the browser caches the old interface across a
restart, and a stale tab is the usual reason things look wrong after a fresh
install.

Open "OFMTech_NSFW" from the workflow list (the folder icon in ComfyUI's left
sidebar). Pick your two LoRAs in the two slots. Then, before you expect good
faces: inside the face-and-mouth subgraph, the node titled "Face Detailer
Prompt" ships with the literal placeholder text

    TRIGGER, PROMPT FOR YOUR MODEL

That text is the prompt for the single most expensive pass in the workflow --
about 30% of total render time, at the highest denoise setting in the graph.
Replace it with your LoRA's trigger word and a description of your character.

Press Run. Partway through the render a selector window opens and the
pipeline STOPS there until you choose an image. This is deliberate -- it lets
you reject a bad base image before paying for the expensive detail passes.
Click the image you want, then press Send. If you walk away and it times out
(10 minutes), it sends nothing onward and you get no image at all.


DO NOT USE COMFYUI MANAGER

Do not run "Update All" and do not run "Install Missing Custom Nodes".
Every node pack is pinned to a specific commit that this workflow was built
and tested against. Manager moves those pins, and the failures it causes are
quiet ones -- a widget silently reading the wrong value rather than an error
message. If nodes are red after the setup script, you have not restarted
ComfyUI yet (or have not hard-reloaded the tab). Restart first.


NOTES

- The three detector files (lips_v1.pt, nipple.pt, pussyV2.pt) do NOT need to
  be moved by hand any more. The setup script places them in
  models/ultralytics/bbox for you. Earlier versions of these instructions said
  otherwise and used the names "lipsv1", "pussy2" and "nipple", which do not
  match the real filenames.

- Do NOT run "pip install -r ComfyUI_INSTARAW/requirements.txt" by hand.
  Earlier instructions said to. The setup script installs that pack's
  dependencies through a filter that keeps it from downgrading numpy and
  swapping your OpenCV build for an incompatible one.

- The "authentic metadata" save nodes also need the exiftool binary, which pip
  cannot supply:  apt-get install -y libimage-exiftool-perl
  The main workflow does not use those nodes, so this is optional.

- If the install ever stops saying the base checkpoint "did not resolve on
  Civitai", that means the model's creator changed something upstream. Do not
  hunt for the file elsewhere -- an unverified copy can silently change every
  image you make. Contact support for an updated pack.
